EXT. STONEHENGE - NIGHT

A blizzard rages. Snow is everywhere and visibility is
almost zero. Only at brief moments do we catch sight of the
stones forming the monument. No one in his right mind would
be out in this kind of weather.

                      JASON
          How long to the drop-off point?

                      KEVIN
          About one hour, if the wind stays
          the same.

                      JASON
          I'll go entertain the others so
          that they don't get suspicious.

                                             DISSOLVE TO:

EXT. FISHING BOAT - NIGHT

SUPER: "THE MIDDLE OF THE ATLANTIC OCEAN - 04:00"

A calm night, with the ocean almost still. Two fishermen are
smoking at the rear deck.

                      FISHERMAN #1
          Aye,it'snightslikethisthatmakemerem
          ember why I love being a fisherman.
          Nothing but you, the boat, and the
          sea. Don't get any better than
          this.

                      FISHERMAN #2
                (sadly)
          I could use a bit more action,
          myself.

Suddenly, huge blocks of stone rain down on the boat,
smashing it to pieces.

INT. AIRPLANE - NIGHT

Jason, Kevin and Sarah are standing in front of the
emergency exit door, wearing parachutes, with a
bright
yellow package at their feet.

EXT. OUTSIDE THE AIRPLANE - NIGHT

The yellow package drops from the airplane with 3 people
holding on to it. Within seconds of their exit the plane
starts a steep dive.

The package and the people fall down. Just seconds before
hitting the ocean they release their grip on the package and
open their parachutes.

In the background, the plane crashes into the ocean.

EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT

The package hits the water and is submerged. A few seconds
later, a rapidly inflating liferaft appears.

The people land into the water in their parachutes. They
dispose of them and swim toward the liferaft.

INT. LIFERAFT - NIGHT

They're all aboard, taking off their clothes. When they're
all naked, Sarah gathers the wet clothes, throws them out,
and closes the entrance to the tent-like liferaft. The men
openly admire Sarah's body, as she opens a storage locker
and takes out dry clothes for everyone which they then put
on.

                      KEVIN
          I know a great way to warm up.

                      SARAH
          Sorry, I got over the "older men"
          thing a while back.

                      KEVIN
          Anytime you have a flashback, let
          me know.

EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT

The liferaft bobs in the waves, utterly alone in the world.
Or maybe not so alone after all, for a small submarine
surfaces just beside it.

INT. SUBMARINE - NIGHT

Jason, Kevin and Sarah descend into the submarine. The
captain is waiting for them.

                      CAPTAIN
          Welcome aboard. I trust everything
          went well?

                      JASON
          Splendid. How many men do you have?

                      CAPTAIN
          A skeleton crew of only five
          handpicked men who I'd trust with
          my life, just as you requested.

                      JASON
          That's exactly what you're doing.
          If word of this ever leaks out, we
          both know I'm going to find you, no
          matter how long it takes.
          Understood?

                      CAPTAIN
          Of course.

                      JASON
          Ok. Now let's get going.

MAP OF THE ATLANTIC OCEAN

A red line marks their progress southwest until it reaches
Antigua.

EXT. SUBMARINE - NIGHT

Jason, Kevin and Sarah are ferried to a deserted beach by a
silent rubber boat.

MAP OF THE AMERICAN CONTINENTS

The red line snakes from Antigua to Dominican Republic, from
there to Miami, and finally to Los Angeles.

EXT. JASON'S HOUSE - DAY

SUPER: "JASON'S HOUSE - LOS ANGELES"

A luxurious mansion with a swimming pool in the backyard.

INT. JASON'S LIVING ROOM - DAY

Jason, Kevin and Sarah are sitting around sipping drinks and
watching the TV, which is showing a special report about the
Stonehenge incident.

                      REPORTER
          We still have no idea who did this.
          The British government is
          investigating several ransom
          demands about the stones, but so
          far they all appear to be fake.

The TV screen shows the monument site as it now is: A bunch
of holes in the ground, surrounded by yellow tape and police
keeping people out.

                      REPORTER
          What possible motive could anyone
          have to destroy one of the oldest
          artifacts in the world? Police
          claim to have no idea.

Jason turns the TV off.

                      JASON
          That'll confuse them for a while.

                      SARAH
          So, what's next on the agenda?

                      JASON
          A strange letter was delivered to
          here while we were away. It reads:
          "Greetings. You may be wondering
          how I knew how to contact you. When
          I want something done, it gets
          done, and when I wanted to know who
          was the best thief in the world,
          your name eventually surfaced. But
          I digress. I have a job for you: I
          want you to steal the rarest animal
          in the world for me, the Russian
          koala. It's a mutant offspring of
          Australian koalas, developed by
          Soviet scientists during the cold
          war to eat the leaves off of all
          trees, thus dooming all of North
          America to starve to death as the
          ecosystem collapses. There are only
          five of these animals still alive,
          and they're kept in a heavily
          guarded secret Russian laboratory
          near Vladivostok. I will contact
          you again with further details in
          the near future."

                      SARAH
          Does it say who sent it?

                      JASON
          The letter is signed by someone who
          calls himself "ME USSR KOALA",
          whatever that means.

                      SARAH
          Intriguing.

                      JASON
          Very.
